MAINT | ENH Change default value of subsample + allow for all strategies in KBinsDiscretizer (#26424)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.3.rst

  is enabled by specifying how to select infrequent categories with
  `min_frequency` or `max_categories`. :pr:`25677` by `Thomas Fan`_.

> - |Enhancement| Subsampling through the `subsample` parameter can now be used in

Reviewer: If we are okay with BC breaking, then we need another entry under the "Changed Models" section.

  is enabled by specifying how to select infrequent categories with
  `min_frequency` or `max_categories`. :pr:`25677` by `Thomas Fan`_.

- |Enhancement| Subsampling through the `subsample` parameter can now be used in
  :class:`preprocessing.KBinsDiscretizer` regardless of the strategy used.
  :pr:`26424` by :user:`Jérémie du Boisberranger <jeremiedbb>`.

- |API| The default value of the `subsample` parameter of

>   :class:`preprocessing.KBinsDiscretizer` will change from `None` to `200000` in

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  :class:`preprocessing.KBinsDiscretizer` will change from `None` to `200_000` in
```
